src/blog/snapsicles.md, before:

---
title: Snapsicles
---

<body>
  <div class="wrapper2">
    <header class="header2">
      <div class="background2"></div>
      <div class="foreground2"></div>
      <h1 class="title2">Snapsicles</h1>
    </header>
    <section class="section2">
      Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet consectetur adipisicing elit. Esse facilis unde
      illo neque at hic quisquam, nulla consectetur, itaque maxime sit iusto
      aliquam culpa reiciendis eaque recusandae vitae modi, animi expedita
      perferendis inventore. Culpa incidunt odit dicta quibusdam ullam facilis
      eum magnam, consectetur voluptates praesentium, pariatur eos nihil! Natus
      in, autem aut facere repellat eveniet commodi illo ullam hic fugit
      deserunt explicabo esse atque reprehenderit optio, dicta suscipit sed!
      Porro fugiat numquam vel magni, iure provident consequuntur velit ut quia
      itaque repudiandae molestiae, nobis sequi incidunt autem! Cum impedit
      accusamus laboriosam eaque necessitatibus consectetur incidunt a
      exercitationem molestias doloribus tenetur amet, ullam at repudiandae,
      quos reprehenderit adipisci assumenda dolor enim voluptas natus! Assumenda
      praesentium voluptate culpa quidem quasi impedit unde incidunt odit velit,
      dolore officiis distinctio, fugit, optio sed. Quos nesciunt eius
      reprehenderit ipsa consectetur tempora, fugiat provident corporis
      perspiciatis veritatis totam temporibus voluptates soluta vitae mollitia
      molestias reiciendis expedita doloribus est. Maxime et fugit expedita id
      sed cumque harum dignissimos aperiam voluptatum quos obcaecati illo
      tempore consectetur, sunt perferendis eius aliquid soluta praesentium
      voluptatem assumenda ex fuga. Iusto, possimus? Dolores deleniti eaque,
      aperiam consequuntur odit culpa, architecto, quas veniam provident
      inventore eius. Laboriosam in reprehenderit quidem? Officiis illum
      molestiae, praesentium velit, illo debitis quasi fuga laborum veritatis
      necessitatibus fugiat cupiditate! Quia animi provident maxime numquam
      porro itaque!
    </section>
  </div>
</body>

Commit message:

Added basic summaries for these pages

src/blog/snapsicles.md, after:

---
title: Snapsicles
---

<body>
  <div class="wrapper2">
    <header class="header2">
      <div class="background2"></div>
      <div class="foreground2"></div>
      <h1 class="title2">Snapsicles</h1>
    </header>
    <section class="section2">
      Step into a digital time machine and prepare to be captivated by a Beach
      Boys photo collection that defies the conventional nostalgia trip. While
      many may expect an ordinary stroll down memory lane, this webpage promises
      a truly unique experience. Bypassing the usual sepia-toned retrospectives,
      this page breathes new life into The Beach Boys' iconic era. Rather than
      simply presenting well-worn images, it reframes the past, injecting a
      contemporary twist into moments frozen in time. Instead of solely relying
      on the classic black-and-white snapshots, vibrant, high-resolution
      photographs burst forth, revealing a level of detail and color rarely seen
      from this era. Each image is a testament to the enduring appeal of the
      band, capturing the raw energy and enthusiasm of their performances. As
      you scroll through the decades, you'll discover candid shots that provide
      an intimate look into the lives of these musical legends. Candid moments
      backstage, playful interactions between band members, and their
      interactions with fans shed light on the personalities behind the music.
      But what truly sets this page apart is its innovative use of technology.
      With seamless zooming and interactive elements, it invites you to explore
      every nook and cranny of these photographic treasures. You're not merely a
      passive observer; you become an active participant in this visual journey.
      In an age of fleeting digital content, this webpage invites you to linger,
      to savor the past in a fresh and unexpected way. It defies the notion that
      nostalgia is a one-size-fits-all experience, challenging you to reimagine
      The Beach Boys' golden era through a new lens—one that's as vivid and
      dynamic as their music.
    </section>
  </div>
</body>
